[Magic Transit] Updating egress references (#3921)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-transit/about/_index.md

Once packets hit Cloudflare’s network, traffic is inspected for attacks, filtered, steered, accelerated, and sent onward to your origin. Magic transit connects to your origin infrastructure using Anycast Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunnels over the Internet or, with [Cloudflare Network Interconnect (CNI)](/network-interconnect/), via physical or virtual interconnect.

> Magic Transit users have two options for their implementation: ingress traffic or ingress and egress traffic. Users with an egress implementation will need to set up policy-based routing (PBR) or ensure default routing on their end forwards traffic to Cloudflare via GRE tunnels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magic Transit users have two options for their implementation: ingress traffic or ingress and egress traffic. Users with an egress implementation will need to set up policy-based routing (PBR) or ensure default routing on their end when forwarding traffic to Cloudflare via GRE tunnels.
```

Author: I think this update changes meaning a bit because it places the emphasis on the user forwarding the traffic when the routes are what help forward the traffic.
